In short, I'd like you to write code that converts a word into lowercase. Sounds easy, right? Well things are often more complicated than they first appear.  For example, some languages use writing systems that don't have a notion of uppercase and lowercase at all.   Other languages use non-trivial rules for converting between the two.  

It's up to you how to design your code.  It could be a function, a method of class, or whatever is most appropriate for your assigned programming language.  In any case, the code should allow two parameters; one specifies the word to be lowercased and the other specifies the language. You can assume that the string that is passed is always a valid Unicode string, encoded as UTF-8. The language parameter will be passed in as a string also, following the BCP-47 specification (https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47 (Links to an external site.)). This is a widely-used (but complicated) set of rules for language tags that allows for things like “en” (English), “en-US” (English as spoken in the United States), “mn-Cyrl” (Mongolian as written in Cyrillic script).

The default behavior should be to convert each Unicode letter character to its lowercase version, if that exists, independent of the language parameter. Almost all modern programming languages have built-in functions or easy-to-use libraries that provide this default functionality. Here are the exceptions you should support:

If the language is any variety of Turkish (tr) or Azerbaijani (az), then the standard ASCII uppercase “I” should lowercase to LATIN SMALL LETTER DOTLESS I (https://www.fileformat.info/info/unicode/char/0131/index.htm (Links to an external site.)), e.g. “KASIM” lowercases to “kasım”.
If the language is any variety of Irish (ga), then the following rule applies: if a word begins with a lowercase n or t immediately followed by an uppercase vowel (A,E,I,O,U,Á,É,Í,Ó,Ú), then a hyphen must be inserted as the second character when lowercasing.  So for example, “tAcht” lowercases to “t-acht” and “nÓg” becomes “n-óg”.
If the language is any variety of (modern) Greek (el), then an uppercase Sigma (Σ) normally lowercases to σ. But if the Σ occurs at the end of a word, then it should lowercase to GREEK SMALL LETTER FINAL SIGMA (https://www.fileformat.info/info/unicode/char/03c2/index.htm (Links to an external site.)). For example, “ΠΌΛΗΣ” lowercases to “πόλης”.
Many scripts don't have a notion of upper and lowercase characters. Since this code will likely be applied to millions of words of text, it will be much more efficient to simply return the original string unchanged in such cases. Make sure your code implements this optimization if the specified language is any variety of Chinese (zh), Japanese (ja), or Thai (th). There are sure to be many other languages we'll want to add to this list in the future, so please write your code so that it will be easy to do so.
